Adding a new Sui Pull Request Template (#8494)
MystenLabs/sui: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Description 

> Describe the changes or additions included in thiis PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe the changes or additions included in this PR.
```

## Test Plan 

How did you test the new or updated feature?

---

> If your changes are not user-facing and not a breaking change, you can skip the following section. Otherwise, please indicate what changed, and then add to the Release Notes seection as hightlighted during the release process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your changes are not user-facing and not a breaking change, you can skip the following section. Otherwise, please indicate what changed, and then add to the Release Notes section as highlighted during the release process
```

### Type of Change (Check all that apply)

- [ ] user-visible impact
- [ ] breaking change for a client SDKs
- [ ] breaking change for FNs (FN binary must upgrade)
- [ ] breaking change for validators or node operators (must upgrade binaries)
- [ ] breaking change for on-chain data layout
- [ ] necessitate either a data wipe or data migration

### Persona affected

> Reference: [go/sui-persona](http://go/sui-persona)

Reviewer: Do we care if people outside of Mysten can see this link?

Reviewer 2: If there are any internal only links we should strip them

Author: @srinath-mysten has requested this information be listed in the template. @srinath-mysten thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Its sort of useless to have anything that is a private link in the public repo

Author: Ok, let's remove this for now.
